Getting And Cleaning Data Project Code Book
==========================

This file describes the content of the data set generated by the `run_analysis.R`
script into the `AveragesBySubjectActivity.txt` file.

## Loading the data

The data can be loaded into R with :

```
data <- read.table("AveragesBySubjectActivity.txt", header=TRUE)
```

## Variables

The data set contains 68 variables :

* "subject" : a number identifying the subject who carried out the experiment.
* "activity" : a factor giving the activity performed by the subject. This variable
was cleaned up by changing the numeric indexes into lowercase factors.
* 66 variables named according to the pattern "*.(mean|std)(.X|.Y|.Z){0,1}" :
According to the project instructions, only the variables measuring mean values
(initialy named with "-mean()") or standard deviations (named with "-std()") were
extracted, then averaged for each (subject, activity) pair to generate the output
value. The variable names were cleaned up a bit by removing parentheses and replacing
underscores by dots, but they were otherwise kept very similar to the original
variable names for two reasons :
 * The names are already quite long. Trying to make them more descriptive would
 have created longer and more complex names, which would be counterproductive, and
 * Some variables are not properly described in the original code book (for example
 fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag) so keeping the name as close as possible to the original
 looks preferable to try to understand the variable's meaning.
 
For more detail on the meaning of each variable, please refer to the
`features_info.txt` file in the raw data set, which describes what each variable
is measuring.
